Throw on your Boba Fett bathrobe
And jump into your Toyoda
Because in a galaxy not so far far away this
is a star wars themed episode of LÜT
Let's start things off with this Swarovski
Crystal Darth Vader Helmet - put on by DKE
toys the vader project toured the country
featuring custom Darth Vader helmets created
by hundreds of artists.
Or you could just wear Luke Skywalker's original
pants.
Literally.
For 75 thousand dollars
But if dressing up your baby is more important
make sure to pick up one of these yoda beanies
that actually makes babies look like a wise
old Jedi
If you've yet to procreate dress up your dog
with one of these handmade dog collars
Or get your lady friend a customized Star
Wars bra
Alright, it's getting a little hot in here
so let's cool things off with some ice.....shaped
like a Death Star.... or Darth Vader.....
or Han Solo
For flavored ice make a popsicle with this
handy lightsaber popsicle maker
And invite your friends over for the big celebration
with these light saber invitations
So you can finally make use of this wedding
cake topper
Make these do it yourself lightsaber treat
cones to hold some snacks like popcorn
And check out the etsy page Modulicious where
you can find steampunk-inspired art like this
Clone Trooper or Darth Vader helmet.
For something a little more affordable but
still cool he has faux bronze statues like
Jar Jar Binks and Yoda as well as some great
art prints.
Equally as awesome but much more expensive
are these 8 life size Star Wars replica figures,
sold as a package - that includes Luke Skywalker,
Boba Fett, Han Solo in carbonite, R2-D2, a
Jawa, Stormtrooper, Yoda, and Darth Vader
For figurine collectors who need a special
place to display their collection, check out
this Indiegogo campaign for custom display
environments for 3.75" Star Wars figures.
Speaking of which check out these adorable
handmade Star Wars themed amigurumi figures.
And this twenty seven thousand dollar mistake
from the 30th anniversary collection where
this particular set includes sand troopers
instead of storm troopers and apparently there
are only 2 of these in the world
Ladies, you're going to need some new kicks
when you sport your high wasted Star Wars
daisy dukes so make sure to get some of these
R2-D2 and C3PO sneakers
or these old school flats
or these high heels
or these glitter shoes
or these custom designed ones
But if you don't feel like putting on shoes
and going anywhere just train your remote
controlled inflatable R2D2 to serve you.
And then just sit around in your Jedi Bath
Robe
Reading Shakespeare's Star Wars- a retelling
of Star Wars in the style of William Shakespeare.
And eating this Star Wars Chocolate you meant
to give to someone else as a gift but ate
yourself because why not
For a Star Wars game night have your choice
of playing Guess Who.
Or test your knowledge with the Star wars
Trivial Pursuit game
Test your dexterity with Star Wars Operation
Or test your patience to finish a game of
Monopoly - Star Wars style.
Just remember,
May the Fork be with you....
While aiming your force at these Star Wars
toilet targets
And as always thanks for watching